What the pipeline does/analyses (#181)
Clinical-Genomics/MUTANT: README.md

# MUTANT
[Current Version](https://github.com/Clinical-Genomics/MUTANT/blob/main/mutant/__init__.py#L5)

> Microbial Utility Toolbox And wrapper for data traNsmission and Transformation (MUTANT) is an analysis pipeline that reconstructs the genome of a sequenced virus based to a reference genome and then identifies how it deviates from that reference. As part of the workflow, MUTANT incorporates [Pangolin](https://github.com/cov-lineages/pangolin), which interpretates the identified variants to assign the viral strain. Furthermore, the analysis also generates a VCF file, allowing users to examine specific mutations and view a typing summary of the isolates.

Reviewer: Is `MUTANT` only used for `SARS-CoV-2` typing?

> Microbial Utility Toolbox And wrapper for data traNsmission and Transformation (MUTANT) is an analysis pipeline that reconstructs the genome of a sequenced virus based to a reference genome and then identifies how it deviates from that reference. As part of the workflow, MUTANT incorporates [Pangolin](https://github.com/cov-lineages/pangolin), which interpretates the identified variants to assign the viral strain. Furthermore, the analysis also generates a VCF file, allowing users to examine specific mutations and view a typing summary of the isolates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Microbial Utility Toolbox And wrapper for data traNsmission and Transformation (MUTANT) is an analysis pipeline for SARS-CoV2 that reconstructs the genome of a sequenced virus based to a reference genome and then identifies how it deviates from that reference. As part of the workflow, MUTANT incorporates [Pangolin](https://github.com/cov-lineages/pangolin), which interprets the identified variants to assign the viral strain. Furthermore, the analysis also generates a VCF file, allowing users to examine specific mutations and view a typing summary of the isolates.
```

Author: Nice suggestion!
